Set up user docs for RisingWave Cloud (#596)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: cloud/cluster-choose-a-cluster-plan.md

---
id: cluster-choose-a-cluster-plan
title: Choose a cluster plan
description: Choose a plan when you create a cluster.
slug: /choose-a-cluster-plan
---

> When creating a cluster, you can choose a cluster plan and configure cluster resources according to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose a cluster plan and configure cluster resources according to your needs when creating a cluster.
```

Select the plan below to see the details.

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="free" label="Free tier">

> The free-tier plan provides all the necessary resources for you to test and explore all the features of RisingWave Cloud — at no cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The free-tier plan provides all the necessary resources to test and explore all RisingWave Cloud's features — at no cost.
```

:::caution
Clusters created under the free-tier plan will expire after five days. DO NOT choose this plan for production.
:::

#### Configuration

- **Cluster name**

    Name of the cluster. Assigning a descriptive name to each cluster can be helpful when managing multiple clusters.

- **Region**

    Regions are isolated from each other.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="customized" label="Customized plan">

If you signed up for early access and received an invitation code, you can select the **Customized plan for invited users**. Redeem your invitation code to continue.

The customized plan offers the flexibility of configuring the resources to better suit your demand.

#### Configuration

- **Cluster name**

    Name of the cluster. Assigning a descriptive name to each cluster can be helpful when managing multiple clusters.

- **Region**

    Regions are isolated from each other.

- **Configure nodes**

>     Configure the instance resources and numbers of each node according to your actual needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configure each node's instance resources and numbers according to your actual needs.
```
